Y
hello welcome once again I am john
and you bank your bartender and today
I want to prepare a pretty measure
refreshing since this morning I
I found myself walking through the city of
I realized that wonderful sun
that always bathes us sometimes
we complain about that heat but better
let's enjoy it because when the
Later the breeze comes that unique breeze of
our city ​​and that's why I want to prepare
this drink that is going to be called breeze
let's start decorating a very
different decorating our glass with a
little sugar on the edge use
brown sugar to highlight a lot
more let's put ice first so that
guarantee us the freshness and
temperature of our drink
now I'm going to put some origin for
give more that flavor of the valley
we're just going to use a one appointment and I'm going to
use cranberry juice this juice is
characterized by being quite balanced
in its acidity
let's take a lot of the acidity of
lemon I just want to use a small
flavor of lemon acidity
we are going to place only a small
quantity
half lemon would be enough
and we finished our drink
with a little soda
we decorate we can decorate with a slice
of lemon
and this is our breeze drink
to enjoy the evening breeze
Cali
of everything
d